I wanted to just start
by asking everyone a question:
How many of you are completely comfortable
with calling yourselves a leader?
I've asked that question
all across the country,
and everywhere I ask it, no matter where,
there's a huge portion of the audience
that won't put up their hand.
And I've come to realize
that we have made leadership
into something bigger than us;
something beyond us.
We've made it about changing the world.
We've taken this title of "leader"
and treat it as something
that one day we're going to deserve.
But to give it to ourselves right now
means a level of arrogance or cockiness
that we're not comfortable with.